add config endpoint (#193)
tidewave-ai/tidewave_phoenix: pages/guides/security.md

If you prefer to not run your web app on `localhost`, check the installation
steps for each framework on GitHub to learn how to customize them.

Note: to work, Tidewave removes the `Content-Security-Policy` and `X-Frame-Options`
headers from your web application's responses. When configured according to the

> installation instructions, this **does not** affect your production environment.

Author: @josevalim feel free to reformulate or move it somewhere else

> Note: to work, Tidewave removes the `Content-Security-Policy` and `X-Frame-Options`
> headers from your web application's responses. When configured according to the
> installation instructions, this **does not** affect your production environment.

Reviewer: We can be more specific as to why we remove them, something like this:

```suggestion
Note: Tidewave needs to embed your app on a different origin. For this reason it
removes the `Content-Security-Policy` and `X-Frame-Options` headers from your web
application's responses. You should only run Tidewave in the dev environment, as
per the installation instructions, therefore this **does not** affect your
production environment.
```
